# Configuration Gui
gui.configuration.mainTitle=The Wizard Mod Setup
gui.configuration.ctgy.worldgen.name=World Generation
gui.configuration.ctgy.worldgen.tooltip=Everything that has do do with World generation
gui.configuration.chance_of_cherry_trees=Chance of Cherry Tree spawning
gui.configuration.num_of_cherry_trees=Amount of Cherry Trees per Chunk
gui.configuration.generateInNether=Generate Ores in Nether
gui.configuration.generateInEnd=Generate Ores in End
gui.configuration.dimension_id=ID for Magic Dimension

# Ores
tile.twm_shadowdust_ore.name=Shadowdust Ore

# Ingots
item.twm_shadowdust.name=Shadowdust

# Creative Tab
itemGroup.twm_creative_tab_all=The Wizard Mod
itemGroup.twm_runes_tab=Runes
itemGroup.twm_books_tab=Wizards Library

# Potions
item.twm_potion.orange.name=Orange
item.twm_potion.lemon.name=Lemon
item.twm_potion.lime.name=Lime
item.twm_potion.cherry.name=Cherry

# Teleporter Gem
item.twm_teleporter_gem.name=Teleport Gem

# The chest
tile.twm_chest.name=Magic Chest
container.chest.name=Magic Chest

# Wands
item.twm_wooden_wand.name=Wooden Wand
item.twm_golden_wand.name=Golden Wand
item.twm_iron_wand.name=Iron Wand
item.twm_blaze_wand.name=Blaze Wand

# Plants
item.twm_weed_seeds.name=Magic Crop Seeds
item.twm_wheat.name=Magic Wheat

# Food
item.twm_magic_bread.name=Magic Bread

# Backpacks
item.twm_small_backpack.name=Small Backpack
item.twm_normal_backpack.name=Normal Backpack
item.twm_big_backpack.name=Big Backpack

# Books
item.wizard_guide_twm.name=Wizards Guide
item.rune_magic_twm.name=Rune Magic
item.altar_magic_twm.name=The Magic Altar
item.wand_magic_twm.name=The Magic Wands

# Trees 
tile.twm_log_cherry.name=Cherry Wood
tile.twm_leaves_cherry.name=Cherry Leaves
tile.twm_cherry_sapling.name=Cherry Sapling
item.twm_cherry.name=Cherry

# Camouflage Block
tile.twm_block_camouflage.name=Magic Wall

# Machines
tile.twm_magicInjector.name=Magic Injector
container.twm_magicInjector.name=Magic Injector

# Heart of an undead
item.twm_heart_of_undead.name=Heart of an Undead

# Magic torch
tile.twm_torch.name=Magic Torch

# Magic Gem
item.twm_magic_gem.name=Magic Gem

# Magic Iron
item.twm_magic_iron.name=Magic Iron

# Tools of Magic iron
item.twm_magic_iron_sword.name=Magic Iron Sword
item.twm_magic_iron_pickaxe.name=Magic Iron Pickaxe
item.twm_magic_iron_axe.name=Magic Iron Axe
item.twm_magic_iron_shovel.name=Magic Iron Shovel
item.twm_magic_iron_hoe.name=Magic Iron Hoe

# Clothes
item.twm_magic_iron_helmet.name=Magic Iron Helmet
item.twm_magic_iron_chestplate.name=Magic Iron Chestplate
item.twm_magic_iron_leggings.name=Magic Iron Leggings
item.twm_magic_iron_boots.name=Magic Iron Boots

item.twm_magic_robe_helmet.name=Magic Robe Helmet
item.twm_magic_robe_chestplate.name=Magic Robe Chestplate
item.twm_magic_robe_leggings.name=Magic Robe Leggings
item.twm_magic_robe_boots.name=Magic Robe Boots

# Magic String
item.twm_magic_string.name=Magic String

# The Jar
tile.twm_magic_jar.name=Magic Jar

# Portal Frame
tile.twm_portal_frame.name=Portal Frame

# Fluids
tile.twm_fluid_poison.name=Poison Fluid
fluid.twm_fluid_poison=Posion Fluid

# Runes
item.tw_rune_fehu.name=Rune of Luck
item.tw_rune_uruz.name=Rune of Power
item.tw_rune_thurisaz.name=Rune of Strength
item.tw_rune_ansuz.name=Rune of Answers
item.tw_rune_raido.name=Rune of Growth
item.tw_rune_kaunan.name=Rune of Knowledge
item.tw_rune_gibo.name=Rune of Gift
item.tw_rune_wunjo.name=Rune of Peace
item.tw_rune_haglaz.name=Rune of Fight
item.tw_rune_naudiz.name=Rune of Acception
item.tw_rune_eisa.name=Rune of Resignation
item.tw_rune_jeran.name=Rune of Harvest
item.tw_rune_ihwaz.name=Rune of Transformation
item.tw_rune_pertho.name=Rune of Will
item.tw_rune_algiz.name=Rune of Defence
item.tw_rune_sowulo.name=Rune of Sun
item.tw_rune_teiwaz.name=Rune of Initiation
item.tw_rune_berko.name=Rune of Energie
item.tw_rune_ehwaz.name=Rune of Future
item.tw_rune_mann.name=Rune of Health
item.tw_rune_laguz.name=Rune of Clearness
item.tw_rune_ingwaz.name=Rune of Inspiration
item.tw_rune_othalan.name=Rune of Dreams
item.tw_rune_dagaz.name=Rune of Light
item.tw_rune_blank.name=Blank Rune


# The Altar
tile.twm_rune_slab.name=Rune Stone
tile.twm_pedestral.name=Pedestral
tile.twm_altar.name=Altar


# Entities
entity.thewizwardmod.WeirdZombie.name=Wired Zombie


