# Configuration Gui
gui.configuration.mainTitle=The Wizard Mod Setup
gui.configuration.ctgy.worldgen.name=World Generation
gui.configuration.ctgy.worldgen.tooltip=Everything that has do do with World generation
gui.configuration.chance_of_cherry_trees=Chance of Cherry Tree spawning
gui.configuration.num_of_cherry_trees=Amount of Cherry Trees per Chunk
gui.configuration.generateInNether=Generate Ores in Nether
gui.configuration.generateInEnd=Generate Ores in End
gui.configuration.dimension_id=ID for Magic Dimension

# Ores
tile.twm_shadowdust_ore_unlocalised_name.name=Shadowdust Ore

# Ingots
item.twm_shadowdust_unlocalised_name.name=Shadowdust

# Creative Tab
itemGroup.twm_creative_tab_all=The Wizard Mod

# Potions
item.twm_potion_unlocalised_name.orange.name=Orange
item.twm_potion_unlocalised_name.lemon.name=Lemon
item.twm_potion_unlocalised_name.lime.name=Lime
item.twm_potion_unlocalised_name.cherry.name=Cherry

# Teleporter Gem
item.twm_teleporter_gem_unlocalised_name.name=Teleport Gem

# The chest
tile.twm_chest.name=Magic Chest
container.chest.name=Magic Chest

# Wands
item.twm_wooden_wand_unlocalised_name.name=Wooden Wand
item.twm_golden_wand_unlocalised_name.name=Golden Wand
item.twm_iron_wand_unlocalised_name.name=Iron Wand
item.twm_blaze_wand_unlocalised_name.name=Blaze Wand

# Plants
item.twm_weed_seeds_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Crop Seeds
item.twm_wheat_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Wheat

# Food
item.twm_magic_bread_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Bread

# Backpacks
item.twm_small_backpack_unlocalised_name.name=Small Backpack
item.twm_normal_backpack_unlocalised_name.name=Normal Backpack
item.twm_big_backpack_unlocalised_name.name=Big Backpack

# The Book
item.twm_book_unlocalised_name.name=Wizards Guide

# Trees 
tile.twm_log_cherry_unlocalised_name.name=Cherry Wood
tile.twm_leaves_cherry_unlocalised_name.name=Cherry Leaves
tile.twm_cherry_sapling_unlocalised_name.name=Cherry Sapling
item.twm_cherry_unlocalised_name.name=Cherry

# Camouflage Block
tile.twm_block_camouflage_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Wall

# Machines
tile.twm_magicInjector_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Injector
container.twm_magicInjector.name=Magic Injector

# Heart of an undead
item.twm_heart_of_undead_unlocalised_name.name=Heart of an Undead

# Magic torch
tile.twm_torch_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Torch

# Magic Gem
item.twm_magic_gem_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Gem

# Magic Iron
item.twm_magic_iron_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Iron

# Tools of Magic iron
item.twm_magic_iron_sword_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Iron Sword
item.twm_magic_iron_pickaxe_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Iron Pickaxe
item.twm_magic_iron_axe_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Iron Axe
item.twm_magic_iron_shovel_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Iron Shovel
item.twm_magic_iron_hoe_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Iron Hoe

# Clothes
item.twm_magic_iron_helmet_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Iron Helmet
item.twm_magic_iron_chestplate_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Iron Chestplate
item.twm_magic_iron_leggings_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Iron Leggings
item.twm_magic_iron_boots_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Iron Boots

item.twm_magic_robe_helmet_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Robe Helmet
item.twm_magic_robe_chestplate_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Robe Chestplate
item.twm_magic_robe_leggings_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Robe Leggings
item.twm_magic_robe_boots_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Robe Boots

# Magic String
item.twm_magic_string_unlocalised_name.name=Magic String

# The Jar
tile.twm_magic_gem_jar_unlocalised_name.name=Magic Gem Jar

# Portal Frame
tile.twm_portal_frame_unlocalised_name.name=Portal Frame

# Fluids
tile.twm_fluid_poison_unlocalised_name.name=Poison Fluid
fluid.twm_fluid_poison=Posion Fluid

